31 years old for brice a second player who
did that during the championships of
world it's matsuda will go japanese whose
we spoke earlier
for a long time they have to take advantage of it
brice ollivier would be that for
the moment it is much better than in
much of it replaced the re-entering it
puts behind practice
just behind them a good slap
here it is the shot in the foot
done that will go superb do it all
to lose
we know that his services have a lot
embarrassed brisseau since the beginning of the match
five-seater everywhere
otherwise there are a few movies served
the fecq web languages well done it's
also because we speed because
sometimes it's a bit slow at
level of displacements a lot
a lot of efficiency in everything he
did he bring back rim brought back observe
of a wagon he was caught up and
win this set france this way there
it also happens good game could
conclude I prefer to take this ball
on duty
but it's won for brice ollivier who
allows romagna